DEXP-1585: Known issues and suggested workarounds for RBAC (#1412)
rackerlabs/support-how-to: content/how-to/account-management/known-issues-and-suggested-workarounds-role-based-access-control-rbac/index.md

---
permalink: known-issues-and-suggested-workarounds-role-based-access-control-rbac
audit_date: '2018-12-10'
title: Known Issues and Suggested Workarounds for RBAC
type: article
created_date: '2013-08-16'
created_by: Renee Rendon

> last_modified_date: '2022-08-16'

Author: Done

last_modified_by: Asmita Nakwa
product: Account Management
product_url: account-management
---

**Previous section**: [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) FAQ](/support/how-to/faq-role-based-access-control-rbac)

This article describes known issues with Role-Based Access Control (RBAC). We are diligently working to resolve these issues. If you're experiencing an issue that doesn't appear in this article, contact Rackspace Support.

### Custom Role

**Cloud Users**

> <img width="265" alt="customrole" src="/support/how-to/known-issues-and-suggested-workarounds-role-based-access-control-rbac/customrole.png">

Author: Updated alt tag information.

---
permalink: known-issues-and-suggested-workarounds-role-based-access-control-rbac
audit_date: '2018-12-10'
title: Known Issues and Suggested Workarounds for RBAC
type: article
created_date: '2013-08-16'
created_by: Renee Rendon

> last_modified_date: '2023-02-21'

Reviewer: change the date

last_modified_by: Asmita Nakwa
product: Account Management
product_url: account-management
---

**Previous section**: [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) FAQ](/support/how-to/faq-role-based-access-control-rbac)

This article describes known issues with Role-Based Access Control (RBAC). We are diligently working to resolve these issues. If you're experiencing an issue that doesn't appear in this article, contact Rackspace Support.

### Custom Role

**Cloud Users**

   <img width="265" alt="Displays Cloud access permissions and types of services" src="/support/how-to/known-issues-and-suggested-workarounds-role-based-access-control-rbac/customrole.png">

> The Custom role enables you to assign per-product access. After a user is assigned the Custom role, the account owner cannot change this role to a multiproduct role (All Products or No Product Access) by using the Cloud Control Panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Custom role enables you to assign access per-product . After a user is assigned the Custom role, the account owner cannot change this role to a multiproduct role (All Products or No Product Access).
```

Author: Done

**Dedicated Users**

   <img width="883" alt="Assign required permissions to user" src="/support/how-to/known-issues-and-suggested-workarounds-role-based-access-control-rbac/customrole_dedicated.png">

> For dedicated users there are two types of permissions such as direct and effective permissions. By selecting None, View, Edit, or Admin under the direct permission column, the user, user group, or group membership receives the required permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For dedicated users there are two types of permissions such as direct and effective permissions. The User, User Group, or Group Membership can receive the required permissions by selecting None, View, Edit, or Admin under the direct permission column.
```

Author: Done
